that particular slide and it's a song that we sing,
Oh Lord send a revival, and you notice,
and let it begin in me.
And I'm gonna read the words to another song
that some of you may be familiar with.
Do you really want revival?
Do you really want God's power?
Do you really want His Spirit
to control your life this hour?
Oh repent and turn to Jesus,
seek His face and humbly pray.
Do you really want revival?
Are you willing to obey?
Are you praying for revival?
Are you praying for God's power?
Are you praying for His Spirit
to control your life this hour?
Oh, the Lord is ever faithful.
He will hear us when we pray.
Are you praying for revival?
Are you willing to obey?
And then the third verse answers all the questions.
Yes, I really want revival.
Yes, I really want God's power.
And I really want His Spirit
to control my life this hour.
Oh, I'm looking now to Jesus.
I will seek His face and pray
for I really want revival.
I am willing to obey.
And I thought that that song
kind of sums up for us well,
this heart attitude of desiring revival.
I preached last week from the book of Hosea,
break up your fallow ground.
We looked at that passage of scripture.
We made some points with regard to the indictment
against the nation of Israel
and understanding the way in which
God was dealing with them.
And then we talked about the instruction
and how God had given instruction
to the people of God to seek the Lord
and that it was time to seek the Lord
to break up their fallow ground.
And we mentioned about the fact
that God had been long suffering with them, toward them.
He talks about their sin and he represents
and references all the way back to Judges 19.
And we went back and we looked at several
of those things last Sunday evening.
And as we did, we mentioned how God is long suffering.
And I'm so thankful that we have a God
who is long suffering.
He's never okay with sin, but he's long suffering to us.
And he uses various means in which to confront us
about our need for revival.
Of course, if we talk about before folks are saved,
their need for salvation, but that need of being clean.
And he calls the people of God
throughout the Old Testament to repentance.
Many times we find various individuals
that God would raise up to deliver a message,
that message continuing to come to the people of God,
of turning to God.
And there's a Psalm, Psalm 85,
it's referenced in the bulletin.
Wilt thou not revive us again
that thy people may rejoice in thee.
And Psalm 85 in verse number six is a very familiar verse
when we talk about revival
and deal with the subject of revival.
And tonight I wanna talk about being ready for revival.
Have you ever had something in life
and someone asks you, are you ready?
And you say, ready for what?
Are you ready for whatever it might be?
Are you ready for the appointment that you're gonna have?
You talk about a dentist appointment.
People say, are you ready for the dentist appointment?
And there are certain things that you do
to make preparation.
Are you ready for the exam?
And you have that exam that's coming up, that test.
And have you studied?
Have you prepared?
Are you ready for it?
And we play sometimes with children,
that children's game hide and seek.
If you have children, if you have grandchildren,
you have nieces and nephews,
you have cousins, whatever,
you play that game hide and seek.
And oftentimes when you're the one counting
and everyone's hiding,
how do you finish when you end counting?
What do you say?
Ready or not, here I come, right?
How many of you have ever said that before
when you're playing hide and seek?
Ready or not, here I come.
And I remember with our kids,
sometimes when they were real little,
man, you could hear them scurry around
when you would say ready or not, here I come,
because you got to the end.
And even this summer when Nova was visiting with us
and she would wanna play, Papa, play hide and seek.
And her idea of playing hide and seek
is not quite a two-year-old,
it's quite different than some older children
playing hide and seek.
But she understood the concept a little bit
and there were times that she would go to hide,
but she'd hide in plain sight.
Okay, so what would you do?
You'd say, all right, where's Nova?
You know exactly where she is,
but you're just kind of playing around with her, whatever.
But we'd say that same thing, ready or not, here I come.
Listen, it is better in life
when we know that something is coming
for us to be prepared, to be ready.
The Bible speaks of being a Ezra.
He was a ready scribe.
He had prepared his heart to seek the law of the Lord
and to do it and to teach in Israel
statutes and judgment according to Ezra 7 and verse 10.
And he was prepared.
And we think about being revival ready this evening.
And I simply ask the question, are you ready for revival?
See, the question sometimes that we have to ask ourselves
is why do we need revival?
Do we need revival?
And why do we have a revival meeting?
Why is it that we schedule a meeting?
Why is it that folks are traveling all across America?
You think about the Sommerdorfs.
They were here this summer.
Kimberly grew up in that motor home.
Not that one, actually, a smaller one with all the kids,
all of her siblings.
And they crisscross the country,
traveling from church to church
and seeking to minister to churches
and to have these special meetings.
And evangelists still do it today.
Sometimes they jump on airplanes to make their trip.
Sometimes they're driving just a vehicle
and staying in hotels or prophets chambers
or people in the church that put them up.
And there are times in which they travel
with their fifth wheel, with their motor homes,
and they're traveling, why?
Because God's people constantly need to be confronted
to keep the fires burning.
You know what happens in life?
Sometimes we start coasting.
It's just a natural tendency
that we just kind of get comfortable.
We just kind of start coasting.
We just kind of get comfortable with the status quo,
with where things are.
And we need somebody to come
and kind of stir the embers, right?
To get the fire raging again.
Have you ever had a campfire?
You ever have a fire?
And you have a campfire and you get to the place
where that thing starts to kind of,
man, we need to put some more wood on the fire.
Why?
Because the fire's starting to die down.
Now, if you think about it, those coals,
those embers in there, I mean, they're blazing hot, right?
But there's no fuel.
There's no more wood on the fire.
And so you put some wood on the fire.
And then if you're like me, you get a poker
and you start messing around with it
to kind of get it stirred up.
And all of a sudden, what happens?
Man, that fire starts raging again.
Have you ever experienced that?
And we understand that physically.
And I would say to you tonight, spiritually,
that's kind of the idea of a revival meeting.
Revival is not for lost people.
It's not.
Revival's not for lost people.
I believe, however, that lost people will be impacted
when God's people have revival.
Because when God's people have revival,
then what happens is we have a renewed zeal
and fervency to reach a lost and dying world
with the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We have a renewed zeal and fervency to live,
to please the Lord.
We begin to remove some things.
Listen, there are times in our life
that things creep in, right?
They need to be dealt with.
And we get into a revival meeting, a special service,
and God begins to deal with us about some of those things.
Do you remember that Jesus cleansed the temple twice?
He cleansed the temple twice.
You know what that reveals to us?
That after he cleansed it one time,
there was a period of time before the second cleansing
is recorded, and guess what happened?
Things kinda crept back in.
It needed to be cleaned up again, amen?
And there are things in your life and my life
that can just creep in and distract us.
Listen, the enemy doesn't want us,
the enemy does not want you to be on fire for God.
He doesn't.
The enemy is absolutely 100% satisfied
when you are just coasting
and you're focused on temporal things
and you're just, he's happy.
You start serving God and you get on fire for God.
You're gonna deal with some opposition.
The enemy doesn't want us to be on fire for God.
But we need revival.
Are you ready for revival?
Do you recognize your need
as we look at the words of that song?
Yes, I really want revival, I know.
Listen, I don't know how your walk is with God,
but I know I've been walking with the Lord long enough now
that I can experience in my own life times
where it's kinda that up and down in life
where you feel like, man, I'm kinda,
Tozer wrote a book.
Rut, Rot, or Revival.
It's a great book, I don't agree with everything
that Tozer taught or preached, but A.W. Tozer.
wrote some really good books and one of them is Rot, Rot or Revival. How many of you ever
read that book? It's a great book and obviously you can tell from the title. Listen, sometimes
you get in a rut. You get in a rut. You just get in a rut. What you don't want to have
happen is rot. You want revival. You want revival. Let me just give you some things
tonight that I hope would help you. Here's what I've done. I've just used ready. R-E-A-D-Y.
Those are going to be the points for the message this evening. Are you ready for revival? Here's
the R, point number one. Repent of known sin. We talked about sin last week. The reality
is that we need to repent of known sin. How do we know about the sin? Well God uses his
word to convict us. The Holy Spirit of God will convict us. The psalmist says, search
me O Lord and show me if there be any wicked way in me. Right? In Psalm 139. And so it's
that desire. I want to know, God I want you to, I'm going to repent of any known sin.
Look at it with me. Look at this verse of scripture in Psalm 51. In Psalm 51, that looked
a little bit more crisp on my computer screen than it does up there. So if you have blurred
vision, it might not just be your vision or it might be that I need glasses. Amen? And
all of you people that want to laugh about that, that's wonderful. Psalm 51, look what
the Bible says in verse number two. Wash me, what's the word? Throughly. That's completely.
Who's the penman of this psalm? David. What happened in David's life? Bathsheba, Uriah.
Nathan comes and he tells David a little story. Right? Is that what happens? And he tells
David a little story and what happens? David gets angry and immediately speaks of the judgment
that should be meted out. Right? Is that what happens? What does Nathan say? Thou art the
man. You know what happened in David's life? He was broken. He confessed. Listen, we have
a God who is ready to pardon. We have a God who is ready to forgive. And here, David,
he says, wash me throughly from mine iniquity and cleanse me from my sin. Do you see the
personal aspect of this passage of scripture? We don't have time to read all of Psalm 51
tonight because I want to get through this, but if you read the entirety of Psalm 51,
David's not talking about the sins of Israel, plural, as a nation, as a people. You know,
Daniel confesses the sins of the people. When Daniel prays in confession, he prays about
the sins of the people. Nehemiah, he prays about the sins of the people. We have forsaken.
And there are times in which we read even of Nehemiah where he speaks about his own,
but here in Psalm 51, this is an individual that's saying, God, cleanse me. Wash me. See,
the reality is that if we want revival, we better deal with sin. We better deal with
sin. I don't have any sin. On the authority of God's Word, you're lying and you're making
God a liar. 1 John 1. Repent of known sin. Just get right with God. You know, there's
nothing sweeter than being right with God. There's nothing sweeter than being right with
God. When you can sing the song, nothing between my soul and my Savior, and I mean,
you can sing it honestly. Sweet in thy presence is fullness of joy. Psalm 1611. Nothing sweeter
than having that sweet communion with the Lord. He knows all about your sin, by the
way. Doesn't he? Did David not go through great lengths to cover his sin? I mean, he
went through great lengths to cover his sin, but the Bible says that if we cover our sin,
we're not going to prosper. God knows about it. You know, it's interesting if you were
to do a study through the Old Testament and even into the New Testament, Ananias and Sapphira,
who knew about the sin? God. Right? Rachel, who knew about the sin? God. Achan, who knew
about the sin? God. Right? God knows. Sometimes other people know. Can I say something to
you this evening that I hope you'll understand and you'll appreciate? As your pastor, one
of my responsibilities is to watch for your soul. You know what that means? There's sometimes
that I know about sin in your life and I know that you're not dealing with it. I'm just
being honest. I'm just being honest. And I can't do anything about your sin. You have
to repent of your sin. But if my job is to watch for your souls, there will be times
and instances that as I'm watching for your souls that I know about sin in your life.
And the best thing I could say to you is repent. Deal with it. Because God will forgive you.
God is gracious and He's merciful and we must repent. Let me move on. E, being ready. Eliminate
the weights. I'm not talking about the physical dumbbell weights and all of that, but we're
talking about Hebrews chapter number 2 or 12. Look over there if you will in Hebrews
chapter number 12 this evening. And I want you to, I read this passage this morning,
but I want you to notice what the Bible says and we're going to spend a few minutes here
in Hebrews chapter 12. It deals with weights and sin in this single verse of scripture.
But you think about running a race. Now if you want to run a race physically, the picture,
the analogy is used here. If you want to run a race, you do not want to be carrying any
extra weight. Correct? If you're running a race, it's go time. It is race day. I mean
it is for the prize. You do not want extra weight. And here, wherefore, seeing verse
number 1, we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay
aside every weight. And the sin which doth so easily beset us, let us run with it. And
with patience the race that is set before us. You know, weights are not always sinful.
They can be, but a weight is not always sinful. You know what a weight typically does? Not
only does it weigh us down, but it distracts us. It distracts us. If we've ever been a
people that are distracted, it's in 20-25. Distractions are everywhere. Distractions
are everywhere. Amen? Do you not get distracted? I'm talking about distractions that abound.
I joked with my dad last night. I think they're watching live stream tonight, so hi to my
parents. But they, I was reading a book last night. I shared this in the Sunday school
class with the teenagers this morning. And I was reading a book last night, sitting in
my chair, reading a book. And the book is titled, Focus. And the book was talking about
distractions. And my dad called. True story. And so I picked up the phone and I took the
call from my dad and I'm talking to him and answering some questions. He had some questions
about some discipleship things and kind of what we've done and what we do in curriculum
and all that. And I'm kind of sharing some thoughts with him and going through it with
him. He says, by the way, what are you doing? I said, I'm reading a book. He said, oh yeah.
I said, yeah. It's called Focus. And it deals with distractions. And then you called me.
He just started laughing. It was pretty comical, right? But why do I use that illustration?
Because life is full of distractions. How many of you have a smart phone? How many of you
have a dumb phone, right? I mean, it doesn't matter if it's a smart phone or a dumb phone.
The reality is that that thing has, you get push notifications. Sometimes you start turning
those things off, man. You get alerts, phone calls, text messages, whatever other kind
of alerts you get. They're distractions. I wrote an article a number of years ago about
the importance of unplugging. Sometimes we just need to unplug. I keep my phone on silent.
But even in so doing, you hear the zzz, zzz, zzz. You know what I'm saying? Joseph told
me the other day, sometimes I silent certain text messages. I didn't even know you could
do that. You learn something new, right, with these technology, right? But you can go in
evidently to certain kind of chats and you can silent them so you don't get notifications.
And why would you do that? Well, because you don't want to be distracted. You know, your
phone has a sleep mode. You can put it on a sleep mode. You can eliminate some distractions.
But waits, they…
weigh us down. You know, there's some things that we can be involved in that are good things
but aren't the best things. There are some things that are weights in your life and in
my life that we have to deal with. If we want to run the race with patience, we've got to
lay aside every weight. Is that what the Scripture says? Is that what it says? Lay aside most
weights. What does it say? Every weight. How do you identify them? You better get along
with God. If you're going to eliminate the weights, God what are they? What are the weights
in my life? And God give me the grace to lay them aside, to eliminate them. Why? Because
I want to run the race that is before me. And so we repent of known sin. We eliminate
the weights. Number three, the letter A there, agree with God. 1 John chapter number one.
Look at the verse with me if you will. 1 John chapter number one. And I want you to
understand that this idea of agreeing with God, God is always right. I made the statement
last week, you're not going to change the Bible. On Wednesday night, I said you're not
going to change the Bible. The Bible has been given to us to change us. Amen? The Bible
is settled. And we need to agree with God. What God calls sin is sin. It doesn't matter
what our society says. Do you believe that tonight? I believe that tonight. Listen, it
doesn't matter what our society says, it matters what our God says. And we must agree
with God. When the nation of Israel was confronted about their sin, when prophets would stand
before them, when the church of the Laodiceans that's mentioned in Revelation 3, when they
have their own perspective and their own idea of what their condition is, but God says and
thou knowest not that thou art poor, miserable and naked. Right? Is that what God says of
the church of the Laodiceans? They're rich and they're increased with goods and they
have need of nothing, their perspective. And guess what the church of the Laodiceans needed
to do? They needed to agree with God. We need to agree with God. The Bible says in 1 John
1 and verse number 9, if we confess our sins. So that word confess means to say the same
thing. It really carries with the idea of agreeing with God. That I'm not going to say,
well Lord if I. No, no, no. You already messed up. God what I did was wicked. It was ungodly.
Call it what it is. It's sin. Don't compare yourselves to others and say, well I have
people all the time. Are you going to go to heaven when you die? Man, I never murdered
anybody. I mean I'm glad you're not a murderer. But that is not the only sin that's going
to send somebody to hell. Right? You know what I mean? And the reality is that we have
to agree with God. In all things He, Christ, must have the preeminence. So guess what?
If there's something in your life or my life that's before God, it's an idol. You say that's
pretty direct. The Bible is direct. At the end of this book, 1 John, it says my little
children keep yourself from idols. Idols for western Americans are different than
idols from some other places in the world. Most of us westerners, we don't have little
statues. We don't have little shrines in our living rooms. We don't have little idols.
We don't put things on the dashboard of our car. Idols. But we have idols. Because God
said in Colossians 1 that in all things He is to have the preeminence. First place. Nothing,
nothing can take that place. And if it does, it's an idol and needs to be dealt with. If
we confess our sins, He is faithful and just. Notice what it says, to forgive us our sins
and to cleanse us from what? From all unrighteousness. The preceding verse and the following verse
capture for you what I said a moment ago that if you say that you have no sin, that you're
a liar and you make God a liar. Those are the verses. And so I'm thankful that we have
an advocate with the Father. You go into chapter number 2. So He says, my little children,
these things I write unto you, verse 1 of chapter 2, that ye sin not. And if any man
sin, you're going to. You have. We have an advocate with the Father. Jesus Christ the
righteous. Aren't you thankful for that? Listen tonight, if you want to be ready for revival,
you need to repent of known sin. Just get right with God. Eliminate the weights. Those
things that are distractions, those things that are weighing you down, those things that
are keeping you from the best. Agree with God. This book is settled. And we've got to
agree with God. Well, everyone else does it. No, no, no. Agree with God. Well, it's not
as bad as, no, no, no. Agree with God. Well, you don't understand. No excuses. Just agree
with God. You don't know how hard they are to deal with. You don't know how stubborn
they are. You don't know how hard. Agree with God. Agree with God. Why would you let someone
else adversely affect your walk with God? Don't do it. Agree with God. D, draw nigh
to God. Draw nigh to God. You know, it's a wonderful thing. I mentioned already, Psalm
1611, in thy presence is fullness of joy. You know, sometimes we just need to get alone
with God. Just get in His presence. In the busyness, what does it say in Psalm 4610?
Be still. Be still and know that I am God. Be still my soul. Sometimes we just need to
get alone with God. Just get into His presence. Not asking Him for anything. Just worship.
Get into His presence. Draw nigh to God. Look, if you will, at James chapter 4. I have
just referenced one verse that would fit on the PowerPoint there, but I'm going to read
a couple of verses with it. And look at James chapter number 4. I'm going to begin reading
in verse number 6. Verse 8, the first part of it is what talks about draw nigh to God.
But in verse number 6 of James 4, the Bible says this, but he giveth more grace. Wherefore
he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. You know, pride is
destructive. Only by pride cometh contention. By pride cometh destruction. Pride is terrible.
We're not careful. We can be some very pride, proudful, prideful people. Pride. It wells
up within us. I'm not going to admit I was wrong. I'm not going to. God giveth more grace.
It says that he resisteth the proud, but he gives grace unto the humble. Notice in verse
number 7, submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you.
Isn't that a great promise? As we submit to God, we understand that we have this promise
that as we submit to God and we resist the devil, that he'll flee. But then verse 8,
the idea of this letter D and being ready for revival, draw nigh to God. Notice the
Bible says draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners,
and purify your hearts, ye double-minded. Be afflicted and mourn and weep. Let your
laughter be turned to mourning and your joy to heaviness. Humble yourselves in the sight
of the Lord and he shall lift you up. Notice in verse 8, draw nigh to God and he'll draw
nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye double-minded.
We talked about repenting of known sin. We talked about laying aside the weights, eliminating
the weights, and we find here this truth of draw nigh to God and he will draw nigh to
you. You know what I find? It's so amazing to me that God wants fellowship with us. He
wants our fellowship. He wants us to enter into his presence. He wants us to draw nigh
to him. It is good for us. The psalmist says it is good for us to draw nigh to God. It's
good for us. What does it mean? You think about drawing near to somebody. You think
about this abiding in Christ to cleave unto the Lord. We see those phraseologies in the
Old Testament. We see those instructions, those admonitions, and we understand that
we're to draw nigh to God, to get close to him, to get into his presence. Remember about
the disciples in Acts chapter 4.
Peter and John. The Bible says that they perceived that they were ignorant and unlearned men,
right? But they had been with Jesus. They saw the boldness of Peter and John. So these
men had been with Jesus. Draw nigh to God. What a blessing to enter into His presence
at any time, any moment, for as long as you want. I understand we've got schedules, we've
got things that need to be done. I understand all of that. But oh, draw nigh to God. Get
into His presence. Walk with Him. Abide in Him. There's nothing sweeter than being in
His presence. I know I said that a moment ago, but I'm telling you, nothing sweeter.
You know what hinders this drawing nigh to God is sin. It's sin. D.L. Moody infamously
said that this book will keep you from sin or sin will keep you from this book. And I
believe the same is true with prayer. If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will
not hear me. Listen, it's not just the fact that the Lord won't hear me, but the reality
is that if we're in sin, we don't want to pray. We don't want to read the Bible. We
don't want to go to church. We don't want to, why? Because we're getting convicted because
the Holy Spirit lives within us and He uses His word and it's, we're not dealing with
it. We're hardening our hearts. And so we draw nigh to God. How close are you to God
today? I started a series with the junior, senior high this morning, that new Sunday
school class. And I started this series and here's the title of just a mini-series how
we're going to start out in this new class, Developing a Personal Walk with God. It's
not just necessary for young people to learn how to develop a personal walk with God, it's
important for all people to develop a personal walk with God. And I asked this question to
the young people this morning in that class, how's your walk with God? How's your walk
with God? How close are you to God? And I said this to them as well this morning and
I've said it from this pulpit many times over the years, you and I are as close to
God today as we want to be. We're as close to God as we want to be. And if we really
want revival, we've got to draw nigh to God. Why? Yield. Yield. Notice over in the book
of Romans if you will, yield to God. Romans chapter number 6, look with me in Romans chapter
number 6 and look if you will in Romans 6, I don't have time to read all of it, but there's
several references here within this text of Scripture of the importance of yielding. We
see in Romans chapter number 6, the Bible says this in verse number 6, I'll start there,
knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him that the body of sin might be destroyed,
that henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Now
if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him, knowing that
Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more, death hath no more dominion over him.
For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
Verse 11 of Romans 6, likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but
alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal
body that you should obey it in the lust thereof. Notice verse 13, neither yield ye your members
as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin. Here's the phrase, but yield yourselves unto
God as those that are alive from the dead and your members as instruments of righteousness
unto God. This is a great promise for sin shall not have dominion over you for you're
not under the law, but under grace. Verse 16, know ye not that to whom ye yield yourselves
servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey, whether of sin unto death or of obedience
unto righteousness. Notice in verse 17 and 18 it says, but God be thanked that ye were
the servants of sin. I was a servant of sin. When I was lost, sin had dominion over me.
Sin had dominion over you. You were a servant of sin. But he says, but God be thanked that
ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which
was delivered you, being then made free from sin you became the servants of righteousness.
I'd much rather be a servant of righteousness than a servant of sin. Amen? And the reality
is that we need to yield ourselves to the Lord. We sing the song, I'll say yes, Lord,
yes, to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord, yes, I will trust you and obey.
When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I'll agree and my answer will be yes,
Lord, yes. See that's yielding to God. When God the Holy Spirit uses the word of God through
the man of God and comes and convicts you and steps on your toes. By the way, conviction's
a good thing. We've got this thing all wrong in our culture today that we feel like for
some reason that conviction is this bad thing. It's good. Why? Because it shows that the
Holy Spirit is working in your life. And we find that God is pursuing you. He's not leaving
you alone. He's convicting you and He wants us to respond. What's dangerous is when there's
no conviction. Why? Because that means we've gotten hard. We've gotten hard. I don't have
any conviction anymore. That's a problem. It's a good thing when we're sensitive to
the leadership of the Holy Spirit of God in our lives. And we respond, we yield. You know,
the Bible says something very interesting. We won't take time to go there, but in Daniel,
when the Bible gives us the record of the fiery furnace, Nebuchadnezzar says of those
three Hebrew children that they yielded themselves to the Lord. It's surrender is what it is.
We sing the song, I surrender. What does it say? All. Right? That's what the songwriter
said. When we sing that, are we being truthful? I surrender most. I surrender all. I surrender
all. Lord, I'm yours. I'm bought with a price. Whatever you want, I'm yielded to you, Lord.
But pastor, you don't understand. I already got my life planned out. I already got this
figured out, my 10-year plan. The people that I talked to, they told me I've got to develop
this plan and I've got all this. Let God be God. Let God be God and yield yourself. See,
if we want revival, and I ask the question, are you ready, ready for revival? Repent of
known sin. Ask God to show you, to make it known to you and repent. E, eliminate the
weights. Lay aside every weight and the sin which doth so easily beset us. A, agree with
God. I'll say yes, Lord, yes. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I'll agree.
I'm going to agree with God. D, draw nigh to God. Get into His presence. Spend time
with Him. When you walk in the light as He is in the light, man, have that fellowship,
that communion, that abiding. And then Y, yield to God. Just wave that white flag of
surrender. Lord, I want you to work in my heart. I want you to do something in my life.
God, I need revival. I'm ready for revival. I want to have those flames burning hot. I'm
ready for revival. Don't show up next Sunday and just think because it's on the calendar
it's going to happen. We've got to prepare. We've got to prepare so that we can be ready
for revival. I said this last week. We can have revival in our lives, personally, in
our church, corporately, before Mike Edwards ever gets here. It's not, he doesn't bring
it in a briefcase. Right? Brother Sommerdorf, when he goes to churches, he doesn't take
it in his briefcase and he opens it up and bam, we're going to have revival. It's not
how it works. It's not how it works. The people of God have got to be ready. We've got to
want it, desire it. Are you ready for revival? Let's pray. Father, we love you tonight. We
thank you for loving us. God, I pray that you'd move and work in and through the invitation
tonight. God, that we take some time to truly examine ourselves.
Lord, we pray that You do a work in each of our lives, and we'll give You the glory, which
in Christ's name we pray.